1 / 9 
Quote number
7838327
Issued on
22 Sep 2025
Review your holiday
UK+Florence+Japan
Travel dates
17 Sep 2026 - 2 Oct 2026 • 15 nights
Quote issued to
Mrs Loren Claire Collis
James Anderson
Flight Centre Indooroopilly
james.anderson@flightcentre.com.au
(07) 38781700
Please review your quote
Please review and confirm all details of your quote before notifying your travel expert that you are ready to
proceed. A pricing breakdown is towards the back of the document.
Trip Summary
Rail Thu, 17 Sep 2026 Historic Bath
Stay Tue, 22 Sep 2026 Pre Accommodation - Hotel Roma
Tour Wed, 23 Sep 2026 Tuscan Treats - Back-Roads
Stay Thu, 1 Oct 2026 Post Accommodation - Hotel Roma
Travellers
3 adults
Mrs Loren Claire Collis
Adult (Trip Contact)
Ms Emma Michelle
Collis
Adult
Mr David Paul Collis
Adult
2 / 9 
Terms and Conditions
Your booking is subject to Flight Centre's Booking Terms and Conditions and Travel Service Provider Terms
and Conditions. Please read the Important Notice about Flight Centre and Travel Service Provider Terms and
Conditions paragraphs which appear towards the end of this quote or booking invoice along with Flight
Centre's Booking Terms and Conditions at https://help.flightcentre.com.au/s/article/booking-terms-condition
s-au. Proceeding with the booking is taken as acknowledgement that you have read these and are aware of
the effect of the terms. This applies to every product purchased.
Trip Details
Quote pricing and availability can change quickly.
Rail
Historic Bath Booking Reference: TBA
Thu 17 Sep - Thu 17 Sep • 1 day •
Bath, United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland • Other Supplier
Invoice Note 18 Sep 2025
Operator:
Departs:
Arrives:
Check-in time & location:
Inclusions:
Seating reservations may be compulsory, at additional cost to ticket and may need to be paid locally. Full
passport details of all passengers are needed to confirm tickets. Ticket is not exchangeable. Name on
rail ticket/pass must display exactly as it appears on passenger's passport . A physical paper ticket may
be required for some trains. Holding a rail pass is not always a guarantee of getting a seat. To secure a
seat at a particular date/time, some passes require a seat reservation fee to be paid.
Booking Note 18 Sep 2025
Table for 3
https://www.belmond.com/trains/europe/uk/belmond-british-pullman
3 / 9 
Cancellation Policy
If cancelled on or after 17 Sep 2026, a cancellation charge of $3,819.00 will apply.
Mrs Loren Claire Collis Ms Emma Michelle Collis
Mr David Paul Collis $3,819.00
Stays
Pre Accommodation - Hotel Roma Booking Reference: BRA84708
Tue 22 Sep - Wed 23 Sep • 2 days • Florence, Italy • Outback Spirit
Invoice Note 18 Sep 2025
Address:
Room Type:
Meal Plan:
Duration:
Check-in:
Check-out:
Inclusions:
Resort Fees:
Notes:
Special requests, including room numbers, views or amenities are at the discretion of the hotel and
cannot be guaranteed.
Please note - a credit card will be required upon check-in to accommodation. The hotel may take a
deposit for incidentals from the credit card (amounts may vary). Room bedding configuration and
location are requested only, and will be confirmed upon check-in at the discretion of the hotel.
Cancellation Policy
If cancelled on or after 24 Sep 2025, a cancellation charge of $100.00 will apply.
Mrs Loren Claire Collis Ms Emma Michelle Collis $100.00
4 / 9 
Tour
Tuscan Treats - Back-Roads Booking Reference: BRA84708
Wed 23 Sep - Thu 1 Oct • 9 days • Tuscany, Italy • Back-Roads Touring
Invoice Note 18 Sep 2025
Tour Operator:
Name of Tour:
Pick Up Location & Time:
Drop off Location:
Duration:
Inclusions:
Exclusions:
Guaranteed Departure: Yes/No
Itinerary:
Important Notes:
All prices are subject to availability and can be withdrawn or varied without notice. The price is only
guaranteed once paid in full. The itinerary/accommodation can be changed at the discretion of the
Supplier at any time. Additional fees and government charges may apply (these could include gratuities,
tips, local payments, trip kitty's or food funds etc)
https://www.backroadstouring.com/terms-and-conditions
Cancellation Policy
If cancelled on or after 24 Sep 2025, a cancellation charge of $10,027.00 will apply.
Mrs Loren Claire Collis Ms Emma Michelle Collis $10,027.00
Stays
Post Accommodation - Hotel Roma Booking Reference: BRA84708
Thu 1 Oct - Fri 2 Oct • 2 days • Florence, Italy • Back-Roads Touring
5 / 9 
Invoice Note 18 Sep 2025
Address:
Room Type:
Meal Plan:
Duration:
Check-in:
Check-out:
Inclusions:
Resort Fees:
Notes:
Special requests, including room numbers, views or amenities are at the discretion of the hotel and
cannot be guaranteed.
Please note - a credit card will be required upon check-in to accommodation. The hotel may take a
deposit for incidentals from the credit card (amounts may vary). Room bedding configuration and
location are requested only, and will be confirmed upon check-in at the discretion of the hotel.
https://www.backroadstouring.com/terms-and-conditions
Cancellation Policy
If cancelled on or after 24 Sep 2025, a cancellation charge of $100.00 will apply.
Mrs Loren Claire Collis Ms Emma Michelle Collis $100.00
Total Price
Does not include Insurance. Includes taxes and fees. $14,046.00
Purchase travel insurance for peace of mind.
Need help purchasing travel insurance? Talk to your travel expert.
Payment Details
Price Breakdown
Travel Services $14,046.00
6 / 9 
Grand Total
Total price includes surcharges, taxes and fees (including any applicable sales tax).
Payment surcharges are dependant on payment methods. See Payment Fees for details. 14,046.00 AUD
Payment Fees
The fees outlined below are applicable based on your selected payment option.
Visa 0.80%
Mastercard 0.50%
American Express 0.80%
Diner's Club 2.50%
Debit Visa 0.39%
Debit Mastercard 0.27%
Paypal Promotional offer applied from Sep 1 - Oct 31, 2025 0%1.00%
7 / 9 
Terms and Conditions
Important Notice about Flight Centre
and Travel Service Provider
Terms and Conditions
Flight Centre's Booking Terms & Conditions
Please note that your booking is subject to Flight
Centre's Booking Terms and Conditions (which can be
accessed at https://help.flightcentre.com.au/s/article/bo
oking-terms-conditions-au or ask your consultant for a
full copy) for our services to you as a travel agent. It is
very important you read and understand these Terms and
Conditions before completing your booking. Proceeding
with this booking is taken as an acknowledgement that
you have read the Terms and Conditions and are aware
of the effect of terms that could be prejudicial to you.
Travel Service Provider Terms and Conditions
Your booking is also subject to the terms and conditions
of the applicable travel service provider(s), including their
general booking terms and conditions, conditions of
carriage and fare rules, applicable to your booking. All
Travel Service Provider Terms and Conditions are
separate to the Flight Centre Booking Terms and
Conditions (which cover our services to you as travel
agent). It is very important you have read and understand
all Travel Service Provider Terms and Conditions before
completing your booking, because they form a contract
between you and the travel service provider, which we are
not party to. Proceeding with this booking is also taken
as an acknowledgement that you have read the Travel
Service Provider Terms and Conditions and are aware of
the effect of terms that could be prejudicial to you. You
must accept and agree to all Travel Service Provider
Terms and Conditions. The Travel Service Provider Terms
and Conditions can generally be accessed on the travel
service provider's country-specific website. Your
consultant will advise you of the travel service provider's
product or airfare change and cancellation conditions.
Please let your consultant know if you would like
assistance to access any Travel Service Provider Terms
and Conditions, if you are not sure which terms and
conditions apply to your booking, or if you would like us
to provide you with a full copy of the Travel Service
Provider Terms and Conditions. The Travel Service
Provider Terms and Conditions may include terms and/or
fees relating to booking cancellations or changes for
reasons outside the Travel Service Provider's control,
conditions relating to cancellations or changes on your
part which may incur cancellation or change fees, the
exclusion or limitation of liability of the Travel Service
Provider, and the provision of data about you or provided
by you to a third party. By completing this booking, you
also agree that you have checked that your travel
information has been entered accurately; and accept that
visa and passport requirements are your responsibility.
A list of major Travel Service Provider Booking Terms and
Conditions can be found at https://help.flightcentre.com.
au/s/article/travel-service-provider-terms-and-conditions
-au  Price Breakdown Travel Services.
Flight Centre Booking
Terms and Conditions
You Should Be Aware Of
All of our Booking Terms and Conditions are
important and the full version of our booking terms
and conditions can be viewed at https://help.flightc
entre.com.au/s/article/booking-terms-conditions-a
u. We would like to bring to your attention the
following conditions as they may be considered
prejudicial to customers. By completing this
booking, you acknowledge that you have read the
Flight Centre Booking Terms and Conditions, and
are aware of the effect of terms which may be
prejudicial to you, including terms which:
Relate to cancellations or changes for any
reason (including by reason of matters outside
your, our or the travel service provider's
control), which may also incur cancellation or
change fees or the deduction of any
unrecoverable costs (clauses 2 and 10 - 15);
Provide that where we incur any liability for
fees, you will indemnify us (clause 11);
Exclude or limit our liability in certain
circumstances, such that you are responsible
for these risks (clauses 1, 2, 5 and 23 - 24);
Relate to the provision of data about you or
provided by you to a third party (including
travel service providers, our overseas related
8 / 9 
Booking Conditions
Please note that there are Supplier and/or Airline
conditions specific to the booking you have made
and Supplier General Booking Terms and Conditions
and/or Conditions of Carriage that also apply to
your booking. These include conditions around
supplier cancellation for reasons outside their
control as well as conditions relating to voluntary
cancellation on your part. Please alert your
consultant if you would like a full copy of any of
these terms and conditions to review and retain for
your records. Alternatively the Supplier's General
Booking Terms and Conditions can be accessed on
their website or in their brochure and Airline
Conditions of Carriage can be accessed on the
relevant airlines country specific website/s.
Full Booking Terms and Conditions
We strongly recommend you familiarise
yourself with our full booking terms and
conditions available at https://www.flightc
entre.com.au/booking-terms-condition.
Please also retain a copy for your records.
Travel Insurance
Cooling Off Period
This policy can be cancelled within 21 days of the date of
issue for a full refund of the entire premium unless the
customer has made or needs to make a claim under the
policy or has already departed on their journey.
General Terms and Conditions
We believe it is important for you to consider taking out
appropriate travel insurance to cover your travel
arrangements. Insurance cover offered by credit card
companies or reciprocal medical cover agreements may
not be comprehensive or suit your needs – we
recommend you carefully check the cover and benefits
and consider whether it is necessary to purchase
additional travel insurance. Insurance that covers various
aspects of your travel, such as cancellation, overseas
medical and repatriation expenses, personal injury and
accident, death, loss of personal baggage and money,
and personal liability can be beneficial.
Travel insurance is strongly recommended by the
Department of Foreign Affairs and Trade for all travel.
Your travel consultant can provide general information to
you about travel insurance. For details of the services
that travel insurers provide, including a quote, please
refer to the travel insurer's Combined Financial Services
Guide and Product Disclosure Statement ("Combined
FSG/PDS") and Target Market Determination ("TMD").
We are an authorised representative of Europ Assistance
Australia Pty Ltd (ABN 71140219594, AFSL 552106)
("EAA") and receive financial and non-financial benefits
when you buy travel insurance products through us from
EAA. We and EAA are authorised to arrange travel
insurance products on behalf of the insurer, Mitsui
Sumitomo Insurance Company Limited (ABN 49 000 525
637, AFSL 240816)("MSI"). EAA holds a binding authority
from the insurer, MSI to issue contracts of insurance and
to deal with or settle claims on MSI's behalf and as MSI's
agent. Any recommendations made about insurance is
general advice only and doesn't take account of your
particular needs and circumstances. You must read the
travel insurer's Combined FSG/PDS and TMD before you
decide to buy the travel insurance product you are
considering purchasing to ensure that it meets your
needs and financial situation. The Combined FSG/PDS
also contains information about the conditions, limits
and exclusions that apply to the insurance, the Cooling
Off Period, and how you can access privacy policy and
complaints handling procedures. To take out travel
insurance through us, or if you have any questions about
the travel insurance products, please contact your
consultant, visit our website https://www.flightcentre.co
m.au/booking/insurance, or call 1300 268 120. If you
make a travel booking through us and decline travel
insurance, you may be required to sign a disclaimer.
Combined FSG/PDS: https://www.flightcentre.com.au/bo
oking/insurance and TMD: https://www.europ-assistanc
e.com/au/partner/flightcentre/policy-hub/fc-tmd/
entities and other service providers) (clause
28).
We also receive remuneration through
commissions, financial incentives and other
means from booking travel and travel-related
products and services on your behalf with third
party travel service providers (clauses 3 and
8).
9 / 9 
Important information for existing Cover-More
policyholders
If your policy was issued by Cover-More Insurance
Services Pty Ltd (ABN 95 003 114 145, AFSL 241713)
("Cover-More") on or before 14 November 2024 (your
policy number starts with a 7 and contains 12 digits)
please visit https://www.covermore.com.au/flight-centre-
transition-australia. You can access Cover-More's
Combined FSG and PDS for full terms, conditions,
inclusions and exclusions and the TMD: https://policy.po
weredbycovermore.com/partners/fcau/files/documents/
pds/PDS_FYP.pdf
We remain an authorised representative of Cover-More in
respect of these policies. We and Cover-More are
authorised to provide general advice relating to these
policies on behalf of the insurer, Zurich Australian
Insurance Limited (ABN 13 000 296 640, AFSL 232507).
Booking conditions: https://www.flightcentre.com.au/booking-terms-conditions
Privacy notice: https://www.flightcentre.com.au/privacy-policy
Flight Centre Travel Group Limited trading as Flight Centre | ABN 25 003 377 188 | ACN 003 377 188 | ATAS - Travel Accredited No. A10412.