1 / 13 
Quote number
7827178
Issued on
22 Sep 2025
Review your holiday
Shangri La Getaway
Travel dates
1 Aug 2026 - 10 Aug 2026 • 9 nights
Quote issued to
Mrs Jessica Therese Gunn
James Anderson
Flight Centre Indooroopilly
james.anderson@flightcentre.com.au
(07) 38781700
Please review your quote
Please review and confirm all details of your quote before notifying your travel expert that you are ready to
proceed. A pricing breakdown is towards the back of the document.
Trip Summary
Stay Sat, 1 Aug 2026 Yanuca Lagoon Bure 2 Room All Inclusive Rate
Flight Sat, 1 Aug 2026 Brisbane (BNE) to Nadi (NAN)
Transfer Sat, 1 Aug 2026 Private Coach
Travellers
2 adults, 3 children
Mrs Jessica Therese
Gunn
Adult (Trip Contact)
Mr Caleb Gunn
Adult
Miss Lucy CLARE Gunn
Child
Mstr Charlie JOHN Gunn
Child
Miss Bella ROSE Gunn
Child
2 / 13 
Transfer Mon, 10 Aug 2026 Private Coach
Flight Mon, 10 Aug 2026 Nadi (NAN) to Brisbane (BNE)
Your Peace of Mind
Captain's Pack Value
Exclusive to Flight Centre
Quote ID: 7827178
Includes
Exclusive to Flight Centre is our optional Captain's Pack which includes:
• Up to $940* value
• Change Fee Waived - Supplier fees may apply.
• Lost Baggage Tracking Service - Receive a $750 cashback per bag* if your checked in luggage is not
found after 96hrs. Max 2 bags.
• Bonus Spending Money* Get extra $25 spending money when you load $100 AUD equivalent in foreign
currency on a Travel Money Oz Currency Pass, redeem with your Flight Centre Travel Expert, or online at
www.travelmoneyoz.com/captains-pack
• Price Drop Protection* - See a cheaper price on your flights* within 30 days, we'll give you the difference
in a Flight Centre voucher up to $50*.
• Cancellation Fee Waived* - Supplier fees may apply.
• Travel Insurance Discount* - Receive a 5% discount off your policy with your Flight Centre Travel Expert.
• Planting for the Planet - 1x tree planted with ReForest*
For full Captain's Pack information and terms and conditions, visit flightcentre.com.au/p/captains-pack
Booking Note 16 Sep 2025
IMPORTANT INFORMATION
Lost Baggage Tracking Service
With our friends at Blue Ribbon Bags.
What to do if your bag does not arrive:
• First, report it to the airline and get a printed/unique numbered report.
• Then, report it to Blue Ribbon Bags within 24 hours of your flight landing. Call 1 917-920-9699 (toll free),
or report it online here: https://flightcentre.blueribbonbags.com/
Cancellation Policy
From date of purchase, the full amount of $295.00 is non-refundable.
3 / 13 
$295.00
All 5 travellers
Flight Centre Travel Insurance Quote Number: D10093301
Sat 1 Aug 2026 - Mon 10 Aug 2026 • 10 days • Europ Assistance (AU)
Policy Details
Provider: Europ Assistance (AU)
Issue date:
Excess: $250.00
Nationality:
Booking Note 16 Sep 2025
Plan: Silver
Countries covered: Fiji
Policy Option: Single Trip
Discount: A 5% Captain's Pack discount has been applied.
Features and benefits:
The sums insured set out below are the maximum amount that will be paid under each section per
insured person per trip.
Trip Cancellation - $5 000
Travel Delay - $2,000
Resumption of your trip - $3,000
Special Events - $3,000
Medical and other expenses outside Australia - $Unlimited
Additional emergency expenses - $Unlimited
Emergency Dental - $2,000
Hospital Incidentals - $5,000
Accidental Death and permanent disability - $25,000
Personal belongings and baggage - $10,000
Including sub-limit for laptops and cameras - $2,000
Including sub-limit for Smartphones - $1,500
Including Medical aid sublimit - $2,000
Including All other items/set of item limit - $750
Delayed Luggage - $500
Money - $250
Passport and Travel Documents - $3,500
Rental vehicle Excess Waiver - $5,000
Personal Liability - $3,000,000
Legal expenses - $10,000
Loss of Income - $45,000
Covid-19: Medical Expenses outside Australia - $Unlimited
Covid-19: Cancellation or Trip Disruption - $25,000
Hijack - $8,000
Pet Care - $600
4 / 13 
Sports Activities - Included
Optional features and benefits:
Increased luggage sub-limit
Existing Medical Conditions
Cruise
Winter Sports
Action Pack
For full details of the benefits, terms and conditions, limits, sub-limits and exclusions that may apply,
refer to the relevant Product Disclosure Statement (PDS).
Cancellation Policy
For more information on the Cancellation Policy, please refer to the travel insurer's Product Disclosure
Statement (“PDS”) link in the Travel Insurance section of this document.
$345.54
All 5 travellers
Terms and Conditions
Your booking is subject to Flight Centre's Booking Terms and Conditions and Travel Service Provider Terms
and Conditions. Please read the Important Notice about Flight Centre and Travel Service Provider Terms and
Conditions paragraphs which appear towards the end of this quote or booking invoice along with Flight
Centre's Booking Terms and Conditions at https://help.flightcentre.com.au/s/article/booking-terms-condition
s-au. Proceeding with the booking is taken as acknowledgement that you have read these and are aware of
the effect of the terms. This applies to every product purchased.
Trip Details
Quote pricing and availability can change quickly.
Stays
Yanuca Lagoon Bure 2 Room All Inclusive Rate Booking Reference: TBA
Sat 1 Aug - Mon 10 Aug • 10 days • Coral Coast, Fiji • Shangri La Yanuca Fiji
Invoice Note 16 Sep 2025
5 / 13 
Address:
Room Type:
Meal Plan:
Duration:
Check-in:
Check-out:
Inclusions:
Resort Fees:
Notes:
Special requests, including room numbers, views or amenities are at the discretion of the hotel and
cannot be guaranteed.
Please note - a credit card will be required upon check-in to accommodation. The hotel may take a
deposit for incidentals from the credit card (amounts may vary). Room bedding configuration and
location are requested only, and will be confirmed upon check-in at the discretion of the hotel.
Cancellation Policy
If cancelled on or after 01 Aug 2026, a cancellation charge of $13,739.00 will apply.
$13,739.00
All 5 travellers
Flights
Brisbane to Nadi
Sat 1 Aug • 11:40am - 4:50pm • 3h 10m • Non-stop
• Fiji Airways • FJ920 • Airbus Industrie A330-200 • Economy
23 KG check-in baggage*
Cabin baggage: 7 KG*
*Baggage inclusions vary depending on airlines and airfares. To find out more, please refer to your electronic ticket.
Depart Brisbane Airport (BNE)
Arrive Nadi International Airport (NAN)
Nadi to Brisbane
Mon 10 Aug • 8:15am - 10:25am • 4h 10m • Non-stop
• Fiji Airways • FJ921 • Airbus Industrie A330-200 • Economy
6 / 13 
23 KG check-in baggage*
Cabin baggage: 7 KG*
*Baggage inclusions vary depending on airlines and airfares. To find out more, please refer to your electronic ticket.
Depart Nadi International Airport (NAN)
Arrive Brisbane Airport (BNE)
Fare Rules
Airfare Conditions:
Please note that if date changes are permitted on an airfare, the amendment cost will include a set
airline fee, as outlined below, plus any applicable fare and tax difference between the original fare
purchased and the lowest available fare of equal or higher value for the new flights. Fare and tax
difference will depend on seat availability and routing and can only be determined when a change is
actioned.
All costs in the conditions below are on a per person basis. Our own change fee as per our booking
terms and conditions, and the airline's Conditions of Carriage, as per their website, will also apply.
Date/Time changes: $200 AUD + Fare and Tax difference
Cancellation before departure: Non-Refundable
Cancellation after departure: Non-Refundable
Minimum stay: Nil
Maximum stay: Nil
Additional rules:
Please also note that failing to take any flight on your itinerary (no show) for any reason, may result
in the cancellation of your remaining flights and forfeiture of the value of your ticket
$3,795.00
All 5 travellers
Transfers
NAN - Nadi International Airport to/ from Coral Coast 3 - PVT
Sat 1 Aug
Pick-up Nadi International Airport
Drop-off Shangri La Yanuca Island Fiji
7 / 13 
NAN - Nadi International Airport to/ from Coral Coast 3 - PVT
Mon 10 Aug
Pick-up Shangri La Yanuca Island Fiji
Drop-off Nadi International Airport
Supplements
Infant Car Seat
Booking Note 16 Sep 2025
IMPORTANT INFORMATION
• All clients who have pre-booked services with Tewaka will be personally met and assisted on arrival (at
arrival concourse) by our professional and friendly airport team.
LUGGAGE POLICY
• Maximum 1 standard size suitcases per person.
• More than this will be treated as excess luggage.
• Excess luggage also includes surfboards, wheelcharis, boxes, golf bags, baby pram, portable cot and
similar.
• Excess luggage is subject to extra costs payable direct.
IMPORTANT INFORMATION
• Clients booked on an Exclusive Charter or Exclusive Transfer service have sole use of the vehicle. The
transfer service is from point of pickup to drop off destination.
• Clients can change or amend pick up time by notifying TEWAKA at least 12-24 hours in advance.
• Maximum waiting time for a charter transfer is 30 minutes at a pickup point after which the driver will
report and note No Show of client..
• All clients who have pre-booked services with Tewaka will be personally met and assisted on arrival (at
arrival concourse) by our professional and friendly airport team.
• Supermarket Stops: Due to heavy traffic congestion, flight delays/disruptions and our consistent high
pre-booking level for transfer services, our vehicles are not permitted to make stops at supermarkets and
convenience shops unless for emergency reasons.
• For bookings of more than 20 pax; a one-off rate will need to be sourced.
AIRPORT MEETING POINT & TIME
• International Terminal - Arrival Concourse.
• All passengers are to make their way to the Information Desk on the Arrivals concourse where they will
be directed to the TEWAKA office located at the International Airport.
• Here the TEWAKA Airport Team will assist with documentation exchange.
HOTEL MEETING POINT & TIME
• Hotel Lobby.
• Please be in the hotel lobby at least 15 minutes prior to transfer departure time.
Baby car seats are available for children 0 - 6 years old on a complimentary basis, however due to limited
inventory this must be prebooked and will be on a first come first served basis.
8 / 13 
Cancellation Policy
If cancelled on or after 31 Jul 2026, a cancellation charge of $445.17 will apply.
$445.17
All 5 travellers
Total Price
Does not include Insurance. Includes taxes and fees. $18,274.17
Total Insurance Price $345.54
Essential Information
Passports & Visas
It is your responsibility when travelling or transiting on your journey to ensure that you have valid passports,
visas, ESTA ( USA), eTA (Canada, New Zealand, and The United Kingdom are some countries allowing travel
via eTAs for Australian passport holders) and re-entry permits which meet the requirements of immigration
and other government authorities. If you need information regarding visas and other travel document
requirements (i.e. ESTA or eTA eligibility) for your trip, please ask your travel consultant for assistance.
Please note that many destinations require a minimum of 6 month's passport validity from return date.
Please let us know if you have less than 6 months validity on your passport and we can confirm requirements
specific to your travel arrangements.
Many countries require passport information to be included in itineraries prior to travel. We want your travel
experience to be as smooth as possible and request that passports for all travellers be presented to your
consultant prior to departure.
Visa Advice
Visa Not Required
Important Information
Some countries allow Australian passport holders to enter without a visa for a limited time. Each
destination has its own rules, so it’s best to check the CIBT website or contact the country’s consulate
directly to confirm the details.
For most countries the traveller must:
· Hold a passport valid at least six months beyond the period of intended stay with one blank visa page
· Hold proof of sufficient funds
9 / 13 
· Hold proof of confirmed onward/return airline tickets
· Hold documents showing proof of purpose of trip
· Hold all documents required for the next destination
· Hold a visa for the next country, where applicable
· Confirm with their airline that boarding will be permitted without a visa as these conditions are subject
to change
If you don’t meet the eligibility criteria, you may need to obtain a visa before departure. It is your
responsibility to confirm these details as early as possible.
Visa and passport rules can change, so please reconfirm requirements closer to departure via the link
above or with your travel consultant.
Many countries require at least 6 months’ passport validity from your return date. If your passport has
less than 6 months’ validity, let us know so we can advise accordingly.
Non-Australian passport holders may have additional re-entry requirements. Dual passport holders or
those using travel documents must also check for any extra visa conditions and notify us promptly.
Booking Note 16 Sep 2025
This information is for Australian passport holders traveling to Fiji for Tourism purposes only:
Visa Exempt
Visa exempt for a stay of up to four months. The traveller must:
Hold a passport valid at least six months beyond the period of intended stay with one blank visa page
Hold proof of sufficient funds
Hold proof of confirmed onward/return airline tickets
Hold documents showing proof of purpose of trip
Hold all documents required for the next destination
Hold a visa for the next country, where applicable
Confirm with their airline that boarding will be permitted without a visa as these conditions are subject to
change
Mrs Jessica Therese Gunn Mr Caleb Gunn
Miss Lucy CLARE Gunn Mstr Charlie JOHN Gunn
Miss Bella ROSE Gunn
Payment Details
Price Breakdown
Travel Services $18,274.17
10 / 13 
Insurance $345.54
Grand Total
Total price includes surcharges, taxes and fees (including any applicable sales tax).
Payment surcharges are dependant on payment methods. See Payment Fees for details. 18,619.71 AUD
Payment Fees
The fees outlined below are applicable based on your selected payment option.
Visa 0.80%
Mastercard 0.50%
American Express 0.80%
Diner's Club 2.50%
Debit Visa 0.39%
Debit Mastercard 0.27%
Paypal Promotional offer applied from Sep 1 - Oct 31, 2025 0%1.00%
11 / 13 
Terms and Conditions
Important Notice about Flight Centre
and Travel Service Provider
Terms and Conditions
Flight Centre's Booking Terms & Conditions
Please note that your booking is subject to Flight
Centre's Booking Terms and Conditions (which can be
accessed at https://help.flightcentre.com.au/s/article/bo
oking-terms-conditions-au or ask your consultant for a
full copy) for our services to you as a travel agent. It is
very important you read and understand these Terms and
Conditions before completing your booking. Proceeding
with this booking is taken as an acknowledgement that
you have read the Terms and Conditions and are aware
of the effect of terms that could be prejudicial to you.
Travel Service Provider Terms and Conditions
Your booking is also subject to the terms and conditions
of the applicable travel service provider(s), including their
general booking terms and conditions, conditions of
carriage and fare rules, applicable to your booking. All
Travel Service Provider Terms and Conditions are
separate to the Flight Centre Booking Terms and
Conditions (which cover our services to you as travel
agent). It is very important you have read and understand
all Travel Service Provider Terms and Conditions before
completing your booking, because they form a contract
between you and the travel service provider, which we are
not party to. Proceeding with this booking is also taken
as an acknowledgement that you have read the Travel
Service Provider Terms and Conditions and are aware of
the effect of terms that could be prejudicial to you. You
must accept and agree to all Travel Service Provider
Terms and Conditions. The Travel Service Provider Terms
and Conditions can generally be accessed on the travel
service provider's country-specific website. Your
consultant will advise you of the travel service provider's
product or airfare change and cancellation conditions.
Please let your consultant know if you would like
assistance to access any Travel Service Provider Terms
and Conditions, if you are not sure which terms and
conditions apply to your booking, or if you would like us
to provide you with a full copy of the Travel Service
Provider Terms and Conditions. The Travel Service
Provider Terms and Conditions may include terms and/or
fees relating to booking cancellations or changes for
reasons outside the Travel Service Provider's control,
conditions relating to cancellations or changes on your
part which may incur cancellation or change fees, the
exclusion or limitation of liability of the Travel Service
Provider, and the provision of data about you or provided
by you to a third party. By completing this booking, you
also agree that you have checked that your travel
information has been entered accurately; and accept that
visa and passport requirements are your responsibility.
A list of major Travel Service Provider Booking Terms and
Conditions can be found at https://help.flightcentre.com.
au/s/article/travel-service-provider-terms-and-conditions
-au  Price Breakdown Travel Services.
Flight Centre Booking
Terms and Conditions
You Should Be Aware Of
All of our Booking Terms and Conditions are
important and the full version of our booking terms
and conditions can be viewed at https://help.flightc
entre.com.au/s/article/booking-terms-conditions-a
u. We would like to bring to your attention the
following conditions as they may be considered
prejudicial to customers. By completing this
booking, you acknowledge that you have read the
Flight Centre Booking Terms and Conditions, and
are aware of the effect of terms which may be
prejudicial to you, including terms which:
Relate to cancellations or changes for any
reason (including by reason of matters outside
your, our or the travel service provider's
control), which may also incur cancellation or
change fees or the deduction of any
unrecoverable costs (clauses 2 and 10 - 15);
Provide that where we incur any liability for
fees, you will indemnify us (clause 11);
Exclude or limit our liability in certain
circumstances, such that you are responsible
for these risks (clauses 1, 2, 5 and 23 - 24);
Relate to the provision of data about you or
provided by you to a third party (including
travel service providers, our overseas related
12 / 13 
Booking Conditions
Please note that there are Supplier and/or Airline
conditions specific to the booking you have made
and Supplier General Booking Terms and Conditions
and/or Conditions of Carriage that also apply to
your booking. These include conditions around
supplier cancellation for reasons outside their
control as well as conditions relating to voluntary
cancellation on your part. Please alert your
consultant if you would like a full copy of any of
these terms and conditions to review and retain for
your records. Alternatively the Supplier's General
Booking Terms and Conditions can be accessed on
their website or in their brochure and Airline
Conditions of Carriage can be accessed on the
relevant airlines country specific website/s.
Full Booking Terms and Conditions
We strongly recommend you familiarise
yourself with our full booking terms and
conditions available at https://www.flightc
entre.com.au/booking-terms-condition.
Please also retain a copy for your records.
Travel Insurance
Cooling Off Period
This policy can be cancelled within 21 days of the date of
issue for a full refund of the entire premium unless the
customer has made or needs to make a claim under the
policy or has already departed on their journey.
General Terms and Conditions
We believe it is important for you to consider taking out
appropriate travel insurance to cover your travel
arrangements. Insurance cover offered by credit card
companies or reciprocal medical cover agreements may
not be comprehensive or suit your needs – we
recommend you carefully check the cover and benefits
and consider whether it is necessary to purchase
additional travel insurance. Insurance that covers various
aspects of your travel, such as cancellation, overseas
medical and repatriation expenses, personal injury and
accident, death, loss of personal baggage and money,
and personal liability can be beneficial.
Travel insurance is strongly recommended by the
Department of Foreign Affairs and Trade for all travel.
Your travel consultant can provide general information to
you about travel insurance. For details of the services
that travel insurers provide, including a quote, please
refer to the travel insurer's Combined Financial Services
Guide and Product Disclosure Statement ("Combined
FSG/PDS") and Target Market Determination ("TMD").
We are an authorised representative of Europ Assistance
Australia Pty Ltd (ABN 71140219594, AFSL 552106)
("EAA") and receive financial and non-financial benefits
when you buy travel insurance products through us from
EAA. We and EAA are authorised to arrange travel
insurance products on behalf of the insurer, Mitsui
Sumitomo Insurance Company Limited (ABN 49 000 525
637, AFSL 240816)("MSI"). EAA holds a binding authority
from the insurer, MSI to issue contracts of insurance and
to deal with or settle claims on MSI's behalf and as MSI's
agent. Any recommendations made about insurance is
general advice only and doesn't take account of your
particular needs and circumstances. You must read the
travel insurer's Combined FSG/PDS and TMD before you
decide to buy the travel insurance product you are
considering purchasing to ensure that it meets your
needs and financial situation. The Combined FSG/PDS
also contains information about the conditions, limits
and exclusions that apply to the insurance, the Cooling
Off Period, and how you can access privacy policy and
complaints handling procedures. To take out travel
insurance through us, or if you have any questions about
the travel insurance products, please contact your
consultant, visit our website https://www.flightcentre.co
m.au/booking/insurance, or call 1300 268 120. If you
make a travel booking through us and decline travel
insurance, you may be required to sign a disclaimer.
Combined FSG/PDS: https://www.flightcentre.com.au/bo
oking/insurance and TMD: https://www.europ-assistanc
e.com/au/partner/flightcentre/policy-hub/fc-tmd/
entities and other service providers) (clause
28).
We also receive remuneration through
commissions, financial incentives and other
means from booking travel and travel-related
products and services on your behalf with third
party travel service providers (clauses 3 and
8).
13 / 13 
Important information for existing Cover-More
policyholders
If your policy was issued by Cover-More Insurance
Services Pty Ltd (ABN 95 003 114 145, AFSL 241713)
("Cover-More") on or before 14 November 2024 (your
policy number starts with a 7 and contains 12 digits)
please visit https://www.covermore.com.au/flight-centre-
transition-australia. You can access Cover-More's
Combined FSG and PDS for full terms, conditions,
inclusions and exclusions and the TMD: https://policy.po
weredbycovermore.com/partners/fcau/files/documents/
pds/PDS_FYP.pdf
We remain an authorised representative of Cover-More in
respect of these policies. We and Cover-More are
authorised to provide general advice relating to these
policies on behalf of the insurer, Zurich Australian
Insurance Limited (ABN 13 000 296 640, AFSL 232507).
Booking conditions: https://www.flightcentre.com.au/booking-terms-conditions
Privacy notice: https://www.flightcentre.com.au/privacy-policy
Flight Centre Travel Group Limited trading as Flight Centre | ABN 25 003 377 188 | ACN 003 377 188 | ATAS - Travel Accredited No. A10412.