1 / 13 
Booking ID
7777766
Issued on
22 Sep 2025
Booking Invoice
Your Trip Summary
Travel dates
10 Feb 2026 - 1 Mar 2026 • 19 nights
Invoice issued to
Mrs Gesina Susanna Maria Sands
James Anderson
Flight Centre Indooroopilly
james.anderson@flightcentre.com.au
(07) 38781700
Merci, danke, gracias, arigato and thank you for booking with us!
Please review your invoice and let your travel expert know if you need any changes. All the important terms
and conditions, as well as payment details, can be found right at the back of the document.
Trip Summary
Flight Tue, 10 Feb 2026 Brisbane (BNE) to Singapore (SIN)
Flight Fri, 13 Feb 2026 Singapore (SIN) to Johannesburg (JNB)
Flight Fri, 13 Feb 2026 Johannesburg (JNB) to Walvis Bay (WVB)
Travellers
4 adults, 4 children
Mrs Gesina Susanna
Maria Sands
Adult (Trip Contact)
Mrs Gesina Susanna
Maria Sands
Adult
Mr Shannon Matthew
Sands
Adult
Mr Shannon Matthew
Sands
Adult
Miss Hester Gertruida
Hildegar Sands
Child
Mstr Barend Matthew
Sands
Child
Miss Hester Gertruida
Hildegard Sands
Child
Mstr Barend Matthew
Sands
Child
2 / 13 
Flight Wed, 25 Feb 2026 Walvis Bay (WVB) to Johannesburg (JNB)
Flight Thu, 26 Feb 2026 Johannesburg (JNB) to Singapore (SIN)
Flight Sun, 1 Mar 2026 Singapore (SIN) to Brisbane (BNE)
Your Peace of Mind
Captain's Pack Value
Exclusive to Flight Centre
Booking ID: 7777766
Includes
Exclusive to Flight Centre is our optional Captain's Pack which includes:
• Up to $940* value
• Change Fee Waived - Supplier fees may apply.
• Lost Baggage Tracking Service - Receive a $750 cashback per bag* if your checked in luggage is not
found after 96hrs. Max 2 bags.
• Bonus Spending Money* Get extra $25 spending money when you load $100 AUD equivalent in foreign
currency on a Travel Money Oz Currency Pass, redeem with your Flight Centre Travel Expert, or online at
www.travelmoneyoz.com/captains-pack
• Price Drop Protection* - See a cheaper price on your flights* within 30 days, we'll give you the difference
in a Flight Centre voucher up to $50*.
• Cancellation Fee Waived* - Supplier fees may apply.
• Travel Insurance Discount* - Receive a 5% discount off your policy with your Flight Centre Travel Expert.
• Planting for the Planet - 1x tree planted with ReForest*
For full Captain's Pack information and terms and conditions, visit flightcentre.com.au/p/captains-pack
Booking Note 5 Sep 2025
IMPORTANT INFORMATION
Lost Baggage Tracking Service
With our friends at Blue Ribbon Bags.
What to do if your bag does not arrive:
• First, report it to the airline and get a printed/unique numbered report.
• Then, report it to Blue Ribbon Bags within 24 hours of your flight landing. Call 1 917-920-9699 (toll free),
or report it online here: https://flightcentre.blueribbonbags.com/
Booking Note 5 Sep 2025
Included in price, not added.
3 / 13 
Cancellation Policy
From date of purchase, the full amount of $236.00 is non-refundable.
Mrs Gesina Susanna Maria Sands Mr Shannon Matthew Sands
Miss Hester Gertruida Hildegar Sands Mstr Barend Matthew Sands $236.00
Terms and Conditions
Your booking is subject to Flight Centre's Booking Terms and Conditions and Travel Service Provider Terms
and Conditions. Please read the Important Notice about Flight Centre and Travel Service Provider Terms and
Conditions paragraphs which appear towards the end of this quote or booking invoice along with Flight
Centre's Booking Terms and Conditions at https://help.flightcentre.com.au/s/article/booking-terms-condition
s-au. Proceeding with the booking is taken as acknowledgement that you have read these and are aware of
the effect of the terms. This applies to every product purchased.
Trip Details
Flights
Brisbane to Singapore
Tue 10 Feb • 9:10am - 3:10pm • 8h • Non-stop
• Singapore Airlines • SQ256 • Airbus A350-900 • Economy
25 KG check-in baggage* • Economy Value
*Baggage inclusions vary depending on airlines and airfares. To find out more, please refer to your electronic ticket.
Depart Brisbane Airport (BNE)
Arrive Singapore Changi Airport (SIN)
Singapore to Johannesburg
Fri 13 Feb • 1:30am - 6:10am • 10h 40m • Non-stop
• Singapore Airlines • SQ478 • Airbus A350-900 • Economy
25 KG check-in baggage* • Economy Value
*Baggage inclusions vary depending on airlines and airfares. To find out more, please refer to your electronic ticket.
Depart Singapore Changi Airport (SIN)
4 / 13 
Arrive Johannesburg O.R. Tambo Int'l Airport (JNB)
Johannesburg to Singapore
Thu 26 Feb • 1:40pm - 6:15am +1 • 10h 35m • Non-stop
• Singapore Airlines • SQ479 • Airbus A350-900 • Economy
30 KG check-in baggage* • Economy Standard
*Baggage inclusions vary depending on airlines and airfares. To find out more, please refer to your electronic ticket.
Depart Johannesburg O.R. Tambo Int'l Airport (JNB)
Arrive Singapore Changi Airport (SIN)
Singapore to Brisbane
Sun 1 Mar • 9:55am - 7:45pm • 7h 50m • Non-stop
• Singapore Airlines • SQ245 • Airbus A350-900 • Economy
30 KG check-in baggage* • Economy Standard
*Baggage inclusions vary depending on airlines and airfares. To find out more, please refer to your electronic ticket.
Depart Singapore Changi Airport (SIN)
Arrive Brisbane Airport (BNE)
Fare Rules
Please note that there are airline conditions specific to the airfare/s you have purchased and airline
Conditions of Carriage that also apply to your booking. These include conditions around flight
cancellation for reasons outside the airline’s control as well as conditions relating to voluntary
cancellation on your part. Please let your consultant know if you would like a full copy of any of
these terms and conditions to review and retain for your records. Alternatively, airline Conditions of
Carriage of can be accessed on the relevant Airlines’ country specific website.
Failing to take any flight on your itinerary (no show) for any reason, may result in the cancellation of
your remaining flights and forfeiture of the value of your ticket.
Changes may be permitted subject to seat availability, airline fees and any applicable reissues fees
and fare upgrade required.
Cancellation fees may apply.
• Changes: Permitted, $200 airline fee per person plus any fare and tax difference.
• Cancellation: $390 Airline fee per person.
Mrs Gesina Susanna Maria Sands Mr Shannon Matthew Sands
Miss Hester Gertruida Hildegar Sands Mstr Barend Matthew Sands $7,706.16
5 / 13 
Flights
Johannesburg to Walvis Bay
Fri 13 Feb • 2:05pm - 4:40pm • 2h 35m • Non-stop
• Airlink • 4Z143 • Embraer RJ135 • Economy
20 KG check-in baggage*
Cabin baggage: 7 KG*
*Baggage inclusions vary depending on airlines and airfares. To find out more, please refer to your electronic ticket.
Depart Johannesburg O.R. Tambo Int'l Airport (JNB)
Arrive Walvis Bay Airport (WVB)
Passenger Details
Mrs Gesina Susanna Maria Sands
Adult • Ticket No: 7492760170504
Mr Shannon Matthew Sands
Adult • Ticket No: 7492760170505
Miss Hester Gertruida Hildegard Sands
Child • Ticket No: 7492760170508
Mstr Barend Matthew Sands
Child • Ticket No: 7492760170509
Walvis Bay to Johannesburg
Wed 25 Feb • 1:40pm - 3:45pm • 2h 5m • Non-stop
• Airlink • 4Z142 • Embraer 195 • Economy
20 KG check-in baggage*
Cabin baggage: 7 KG*
*Baggage inclusions vary depending on airlines and airfares. To find out more, please refer to your electronic ticket.
Depart Walvis Bay Airport (WVB)
Arrive Johannesburg O.R. Tambo Int'l Airport (JNB)
6 / 13 
Passenger Details
Mrs Gesina Susanna Maria Sands
Adult • Ticket No: 7492760170504
Mr Shannon Matthew Sands
Adult • Ticket No: 7492760170505
Miss Hester Gertruida Hildegard Sands
Child • Ticket No: 7492760170508
Mstr Barend Matthew Sands
Child • Ticket No: 7492760170509
Fare Rules
Airfare Conditions:
Please note that if date changes are permitted on an airfare, the amendment cost will include a set
airline fee, as outlined below, plus any applicable fare and tax difference between the original fare
purchased and the lowest available fare of equal or higher value for the new flights. Fare and tax
difference will depend on seat availability and routing and can only be determined when a change is
actioned.
All costs in the conditions below are on a per person basis. Our own change fee as per our booking
terms and conditions, and the airline's Conditions of Carriage, as per their website, will also apply.
Date/Time changes: 500 ZAR + Fare and Tax difference
Cancellation before departure: Non-Refundable
Cancellation after departure: Non-Refundable
Minimum stay: Nil
Maximum stay: Nil
Additional rules:
Please also note that failing to take any flight on your itinerary (no show) for any reason, may result
in the cancellation of your remaining flights and forfeiture of the value of your ticket
Mrs Gesina Susanna Maria Sands Mr Shannon Matthew Sands
Miss Hester Gertruida Hildegard Sands Mstr Barend Matthew Sands $2,945.20
Total Price
Does not include Insurance. Includes taxes and fees. $10,887.36
7 / 13 
Purchase travel insurance for peace of mind.
Need help purchasing travel insurance? Talk to your travel expert.
Essential Information
Passports & Visas
It is your responsibility when travelling or transiting on your journey to ensure that you have valid passports,
visas, ESTA ( USA), eTA (Canada, New Zealand, and The United Kingdom are some countries allowing travel
via eTAs for Australian passport holders) and re-entry permits which meet the requirements of immigration
and other government authorities. If you need information regarding visas and other travel document
requirements (i.e. ESTA or eTA eligibility) for your trip, please ask your travel consultant for assistance.
Please note that many destinations require a minimum of 6 month's passport validity from return date.
Please let us know if you have less than 6 months validity on your passport and we can confirm requirements
specific to your travel arrangements.
Many countries require passport information to be included in itineraries prior to travel. We want your travel
experience to be as smooth as possible and request that passports for all travellers be presented to your
consultant prior to departure.
Visa Advice
Visa Prior To Departure
Important Information
You may require a visa prior to your departure. Please review the eligibility criteria carefully at
https://cibtvisas.com.au,
including passport country, validity, length of stay, and proof of onward travel.
Review the details carefully, including passport validity, maximum stay, and proof of onward travel. It is
your responsibility to understand the visa process and apply in time.
Visa and passport regulations can change. Reconfirm closer to departure by visiting
https://cibtvisas.com.au
or speaking with your travel consultant.
Note: Most destinations require at least 6 months' passport validity from the return date. Let us know if
yours has less than this, so we can advise you.
Non-Australian passport holders may also need to meet re-entry conditions for Australia.
If you hold dual passports or travel on a document other than a passport, please inform us as soon as
possible.
8 / 13 
Booking Note 5 Sep 2025
This information is for New Zealand passport holders travelling to the listed destinations:
Namibia:
Visa On Arrival
A visa for a stay of up to 30 days is available on arrival for a small variable fee. The traveller must:
Enter via one of the following ports: Walvis Bay International Airport, Hosea Kutako International Airport,
Trans-Kalahari Border Post, Oranjemund Border Post, Noordover Boarder Post, Katima Mulilo Border Post,
Impalila Island Border Post, Ngoma Border Post, Mohembo Border Post or Oshikango Border post.
Hold a passport valid for at least six months beyond date of entry with three blank visa pages
Hold proof of onward and return flights
Hold proof of sufficient funds
Hold proof of hotel confirmation
Hold proof of insurance
Hold all documents required for the next destination
There is no guarantee entry will be allowed. To minimize the risk of being refused entry and to avoid
excessive waiting for a visa to be issued on arrival, CIBTvisas strongly recommends that travellers obtain
all visas prior to travel
South Africa:
Visa May Not Be Required
Visa exempt for transit purposes only. The traveller must:
Hold a machine readable passport
Transit through Cape Town, Johannesburg or Lanseria International
Hold a visa for next country where applicable
Hold a passport valid at least 30 days beyond the period of intended stay
Hold proof of sufficient funds
Hold proof of onward/return flights
Hold documents showing proof of purpose of trip
Hold all documents required for the next destination
Confirm with their airline that boarding will be permitted without a visa
Singapore:
Visa Exempt
Visa exempt for a stay of up to 90 days. The traveller must:
Hold a passport valid at least six months beyond the period of intended stay with one blank visa page
Hold proof of sufficient funds
Hold proof of confirmed onward/return airline tickets
Hold documents showing proof of purpose of trip
Hold all documents required for the next destination
Hold a visa for the next country, where applicable
Confirm with their airline that boarding will be permitted without a visa as these conditions are subject to
change
9 / 13 
Mrs Gesina Susanna Maria Sands Mr Shannon Matthew Sands
Miss Hester Gertruida Hildegard Sands Mstr Barend Matthew Sands
Payment Details
Price Breakdown
Travel Services $10,887.36
Payment Surcharge $29.40
Grand Total
Total price includes surcharges, taxes and fees (including any applicable sales tax).
Payment surcharges are dependant on payment methods. See Payment Fees for details. 10,916.76 AUD
Statement of Account
Below is your statement of account which shows a breakdown of your payment history and payment details.
Date Details From Payment Type Debit Credit
05 Sep 2025 Payment Gesina Sands
Credit Card (Mastercard
Debit)
xxxx xxxx xxxx 6481
10,916.76
Total (including payment surcharge) 10,916.76
Payment Surcharge
Payments above are inclusive of payment surcharges. Please see below for a breakdown of payment surcharges.
Date Details From Payment Type Debit Credit
05 Sep 2025 Payment Gesina Sands Credit Card Surcharge
xxxx xxxx xxxx 6481 29.40
Total Remaining Balance Owing 0.00 AUD
10 / 13 
Online Payment Options
Important Notes
• If you pay via Direct Deposit:
You must notify your travel consultant first if you are using this method. Payments MUST include the name
reference to assist in processing your payment. Payment will be reflected on your invoice once the
payment has appeared in our bank account.
• If you pay via BPAY:
It will take up to 3 business days to process and you must notify your consultant of your payment once it
has been made.
When making a payment via BPAY or Direct Deposit, please email a copy of the payment remittance to your
travel consultant.
Account name: FC INDOOROOPILLY
BSB: 034-807
Account number: 0004003
Name Ref: 7777766 Sands
SWIFT code for payments outside Australia
Int'l payment with SWIFT Code: WPACAU2S
Int'l payment account number: 0348070004003
Bank: Westpac, 260 Queen Street, Brisbane, QLD 4000 AU
Biller Code: 7971
Ref: 0040077777668
Mobile & Internet Banking BPAY®
Make this payment from your:
cheque
savings
debit
credit card or
transaction account.
For more information: https://www.bpay.com.au
Payment Fees
The fees outlined below are applicable based on your selected payment option.
Visa 0.80%
Mastercard 0.50%
American Express 0.80%
Diner's Club 2.50%
Debit Visa 0.39%
Debit Mastercard 0.27%
Paypal Promotional offer applied from Sep 1 - Oct 31, 2025 0%1.00%
11 / 13 
Terms and Conditions
Important Notice about Flight Centre
and Travel Service Provider
Terms and Conditions
Flight Centre's Booking Terms & Conditions
Please note that your booking is subject to Flight
Centre's Booking Terms and Conditions (which can be
accessed at https://help.flightcentre.com.au/s/article/bo
oking-terms-conditions-au or ask your consultant for a
full copy) for our services to you as a travel agent. It is
very important you read and understand these Terms and
Conditions before completing your booking. Proceeding
with this booking is taken as an acknowledgement that
you have read the Terms and Conditions and are aware
of the effect of terms that could be prejudicial to you.
Travel Service Provider Terms and Conditions
Your booking is also subject to the terms and conditions
of the applicable travel service provider(s), including their
general booking terms and conditions, conditions of
carriage and fare rules, applicable to your booking. All
Travel Service Provider Terms and Conditions are
separate to the Flight Centre Booking Terms and
Conditions (which cover our services to you as travel
agent). It is very important you have read and understand
all Travel Service Provider Terms and Conditions before
completing your booking, because they form a contract
between you and the travel service provider, which we are
not party to. Proceeding with this booking is also taken
as an acknowledgement that you have read the Travel
Service Provider Terms and Conditions and are aware of
the effect of terms that could be prejudicial to you. You
must accept and agree to all Travel Service Provider
Terms and Conditions. The Travel Service Provider Terms
and Conditions can generally be accessed on the travel
service provider's country-specific website. Your
consultant will advise you of the travel service provider's
product or airfare change and cancellation conditions.
Please let your consultant know if you would like
assistance to access any Travel Service Provider Terms
and Conditions, if you are not sure which terms and
conditions apply to your booking, or if you would like us
to provide you with a full copy of the Travel Service
Provider Terms and Conditions. The Travel Service
Provider Terms and Conditions may include terms and/or
fees relating to booking cancellations or changes for
reasons outside the Travel Service Provider's control,
conditions relating to cancellations or changes on your
part which may incur cancellation or change fees, the
exclusion or limitation of liability of the Travel Service
Provider, and the provision of data about you or provided
by you to a third party. By completing this booking, you
also agree that you have checked that your travel
information has been entered accurately; and accept that
visa and passport requirements are your responsibility.
A list of major Travel Service Provider Booking Terms and
Conditions can be found at https://help.flightcentre.com.
au/s/article/travel-service-provider-terms-and-conditions
-au  Price Breakdown Travel Services.
Flight Centre Booking
Terms and Conditions
You Should Be Aware Of
All of our Booking Terms and Conditions are
important and the full version of our booking terms
and conditions can be viewed at https://help.flightc
entre.com.au/s/article/booking-terms-conditions-a
u. We would like to bring to your attention the
following conditions as they may be considered
prejudicial to customers. By completing this
booking, you acknowledge that you have read the
Flight Centre Booking Terms and Conditions, and
are aware of the effect of terms which may be
prejudicial to you, including terms which:
Relate to cancellations or changes for any
reason (including by reason of matters outside
your, our or the travel service provider's
control), which may also incur cancellation or
change fees or the deduction of any
unrecoverable costs (clauses 2 and 10 - 15);
Provide that where we incur any liability for
fees, you will indemnify us (clause 11);
Exclude or limit our liability in certain
circumstances, such that you are responsible
for these risks (clauses 1, 2, 5 and 23 - 24);
Relate to the provision of data about you or
provided by you to a third party (including
travel service providers, our overseas related
12 / 13 
Booking Conditions
Please note that there are Supplier and/or Airline
conditions specific to the booking you have made
and Supplier General Booking Terms and Conditions
and/or Conditions of Carriage that also apply to
your booking. These include conditions around
supplier cancellation for reasons outside their
control as well as conditions relating to voluntary
cancellation on your part. Please alert your
consultant if you would like a full copy of any of
these terms and conditions to review and retain for
your records. Alternatively the Supplier's General
Booking Terms and Conditions can be accessed on
their website or in their brochure and Airline
Conditions of Carriage can be accessed on the
relevant airlines country specific website/s.
Full Booking Terms and Conditions
We strongly recommend you familiarise
yourself with our full booking terms and
conditions available at https://www.flightc
entre.com.au/booking-terms-condition.
Please also retain a copy for your records.
Travel Insurance
Cooling Off Period
This policy can be cancelled within 21 days of the date of
issue for a full refund of the entire premium unless the
customer has made or needs to make a claim under the
policy or has already departed on their journey.
General Terms and Conditions
We believe it is important for you to consider taking out
appropriate travel insurance to cover your travel
arrangements. Insurance cover offered by credit card
companies or reciprocal medical cover agreements may
not be comprehensive or suit your needs – we
recommend you carefully check the cover and benefits
and consider whether it is necessary to purchase
additional travel insurance. Insurance that covers various
aspects of your travel, such as cancellation, overseas
medical and repatriation expenses, personal injury and
accident, death, loss of personal baggage and money,
and personal liability can be beneficial.
Travel insurance is strongly recommended by the
Department of Foreign Affairs and Trade for all travel.
Your travel consultant can provide general information to
you about travel insurance. For details of the services
that travel insurers provide, including a quote, please
refer to the travel insurer's Combined Financial Services
Guide and Product Disclosure Statement ("Combined
FSG/PDS") and Target Market Determination ("TMD").
We are an authorised representative of Europ Assistance
Australia Pty Ltd (ABN 71140219594, AFSL 552106)
("EAA") and receive financial and non-financial benefits
when you buy travel insurance products through us from
EAA. We and EAA are authorised to arrange travel
insurance products on behalf of the insurer, Mitsui
Sumitomo Insurance Company Limited (ABN 49 000 525
637, AFSL 240816)("MSI"). EAA holds a binding authority
from the insurer, MSI to issue contracts of insurance and
to deal with or settle claims on MSI's behalf and as MSI's
agent. Any recommendations made about insurance is
general advice only and doesn't take account of your
particular needs and circumstances. You must read the
travel insurer's Combined FSG/PDS and TMD before you
decide to buy the travel insurance product you are
considering purchasing to ensure that it meets your
needs and financial situation. The Combined FSG/PDS
also contains information about the conditions, limits
and exclusions that apply to the insurance, the Cooling
Off Period, and how you can access privacy policy and
complaints handling procedures. To take out travel
insurance through us, or if you have any questions about
the travel insurance products, please contact your
consultant, visit our website https://www.flightcentre.co
m.au/booking/insurance, or call 1300 268 120. If you
make a travel booking through us and decline travel
insurance, you may be required to sign a disclaimer.
Combined FSG/PDS: https://www.flightcentre.com.au/bo
oking/insurance and TMD: https://www.europ-assistanc
e.com/au/partner/flightcentre/policy-hub/fc-tmd/
entities and other service providers) (clause
28).
We also receive remuneration through
commissions, financial incentives and other
means from booking travel and travel-related
products and services on your behalf with third
party travel service providers (clauses 3 and
8).
13 / 13 
Important information for existing Cover-More
policyholders
If your policy was issued by Cover-More Insurance
Services Pty Ltd (ABN 95 003 114 145, AFSL 241713)
("Cover-More") on or before 14 November 2024 (your
policy number starts with a 7 and contains 12 digits)
please visit https://www.covermore.com.au/flight-centre-
transition-australia. You can access Cover-More's
Combined FSG and PDS for full terms, conditions,
inclusions and exclusions and the TMD: https://policy.po
weredbycovermore.com/partners/fcau/files/documents/
pds/PDS_FYP.pdf
We remain an authorised representative of Cover-More in
respect of these policies. We and Cover-More are
authorised to provide general advice relating to these
policies on behalf of the insurer, Zurich Australian
Insurance Limited (ABN 13 000 296 640, AFSL 232507).
Booking conditions: https://www.flightcentre.com.au/booking-terms-conditions
Privacy notice: https://www.flightcentre.com.au/privacy-policy
Flight Centre Travel Group Limited trading as Flight Centre | ABN 25 003 377 188 | ACN 003 377 188 | ATAS - Travel Accredited No. A10412.